Make docker_stack adhere to standard ansible return values (#63467)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.10.rst

* :ref:`iam_managed_policy <iam_managed_policy_module>`: the ``fail_on_delete`` option wil be removed.  It has always been ignored by the module.
* :ref:`s3_lifecycle <s3_lifecycle_module>`: the ``requester_pays`` option will be removed. It has always been ignored by the module.
* :ref:`s3_sync <s3_sync_module>`: the ``retries`` option will be removed. It has always been ignored by the module.

> * :ref:`docker_stack <docker_stack_module>` has had return values `err` and `out` deprecated. Use new `stdout` and `stderr` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The return values ``err`` and ``out`` of :ref:`docker_stack <docker_stack_module>` have been deprecated. Use ``stdout`` and ``stderr`` from now on instead.
```

* :ref:`docker_stack <docker_stack_module>` has had return values `err` and `out` deprecated. Use new `stdout` and `stderr` instead.

The following functionality will change in Ansible 2.14. Please update update your playbooks accordingly.

* The :ref:`docker_container <docker_container_module>` module has a new option, ``container_default_behavior``, whose default value will change from ``compatibility`` to ``no_defaults``. Set to an explicit value to avoid deprecation warnings.

> 

Reviewer: Please keep this newline :)
